Added instructions on how to configure windows for windows users wanting to use QIIME2. (#487)
qiime2/docs: source/install/WSL.rst

> Setting up Windows to use QIIME 2

Reviewer: To match the move into the "VMs" section, let's rename to match:

```suggestion
Installing QIIME 2 using WSL
```

---------------------------------

> This section will demonstrate how to set up windows to allow QIIME 2 installation. Windows now allows users to install linux as a windows subsystem (WSL), the simplest way to use QIIME 2 on a machine with Windows OS is therefore to use this Windows subsystem for Linux.

Reviewer: Unfortunately I don't think WSL is available to _many_ Windows users, so maybe we should temper the language used here a little bit.

```suggestion
This tutorial demonstrates how to set up QIIME 2 on the Windows Subsystem for Linux.
```

> Please see the `official windows tutorial <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-win10>`__ to install WSL2. Then install an appropriate linux distribution e.g. the latest stable version of Ubuntu. Once installation is complete run ``sudo apt-get update`` and ``sudo apt-get upgrade`` to ensure everything is up to date.

Reviewer: I suggest removing the Ubuntu-specific instructions here, since Ubuntu is not a prerequisite.

```suggestion
Please see the `official Microsoft guide`_ to install the WSL. Once you have installed and set up the WSL, install a Linux distribution - we suggest the latest stable version of `Ubuntu`_.
```

> 
> Then install miniconda (or alternatively you could install Anaconda) using the following commands:
> 
> .. command-block::
>     :no-exec:
>     
>     wget https://repo.anaconda.com/miniconda/Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh
>     bash Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh
>     #once installation has completed
>     conda init 
> 
> Restart the terminal to have changes take effect. Packages for your project can now be installed in environments, keeping them separate from any other projects you may have, and ensuring that different dependencies do not clash. You can now proceed to :doc:`native conda installation <native>` for instructions on how to install Qiime 2. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Oops! Looks like some of this removal was missed in the last round of edits, so re-adding here.

> **References**
> 
> 1. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-win10
> 
> 2. https://wiki.ubuntu.com/WSL
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _official Microsoft guide: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-win10
.. _Ubuntu: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/WSL
```

.. command-block::
    :no-exec:
    
    wget https://repo.anaconda.com/miniconda/Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh
    bash Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh
    #once installation has completed
    conda init 

Restart the terminal to have changes take effect. Ensure you have the latest conda verstion and then create an environment to work in as follows:

.. command-block::
    :no-exec:
    
    conda update conda
    conda create --name <name of new environment>

Packages for your project can now be installed in this environment, keeping them separate from any other projects you may have, and ensuring that different dependencies do not clash. For instance, QIIME 2 can be installed into this environment as follows:

Navigate to :doc:`Natively installing QIIME 2 <native>` in these docs to find the link for the latest version of QIIME 2. Use this to download QIIME 2:

.. command-block::
    :no-exec:

    wget <link from QIIME 2 docs>
    conda env update --file <RELEASE-NAME>.yml

Or install QIIME 2 into a new environment as follows:

.. command-block::
    :no-exec:

    wget <link from QIIME2 docs>
    conda env create -n <name of new environment> --file <RELEASENAME>.yml

>     conda activate <name of new environment>

Reviewer: Let's drop this section, since it is mostly just duplicating the "Native Install" docs. I think keeping each install guide a modular component will pay off well here.

See also :doc:`native conda installation <native>` for more in-depth instructions. While it is not necessary for QIIME 2, if you wish to use other programmes with graphical interfaces to analyse or view data generated by QIIME 2 (e.g. R studio or Spyder), some further set up is required.

GUI server installation (optional)

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: What do you think about moving this "GUI server installation" guide to the QIIME 2 Forum, as a "Community Tutorial?"

Author: Thank you for the review! Yes, that makes sense, I just included this section because the extra accessibility is very useful, but it is not strictly necessary.
